Your using 20th century concepts to interprete 1st century writers. Of course, in your termonology, God could not "cease to exist." However, that is not what death ever means in the Scriptures. If you will study the word, you will see that it signifies "separation." Death is separation, not ceastation. This is the reason for the agony of the cross. For the first time in eternity, one member of the Godhead was separated from the other two.
I once met a young lady that was as beautiful as any model that ever lived. She was as personable as any saint ever imagined. She was to become my "girlfriend" for several years. However, having been drafted, we were separated by distance. To me that was a form of death. Later, she decided that she couldn't wait for me to come home and bid me adue. That to me was death. It was separation from that which had made me whole. Death is separation and eternal death is eternal separation from His fellowship, not because He chose to send you into outer darkness, but because you chose to go there.
When I rebelled against my earthly father, he spanked me. I found no wisdom in that until I had grown older and especially until I had my own children. He was trying to guide me away from hurt that would enter my life if I continued on my suicidal course. He did it in love though I interpreted it as harsh and unloving. If God warns of impending danger, that is love. If choose to let us do as we please, and then at the end tell us the rules, that would be harsh. You have a conscience, no matter how calused or fallen it is, that witnesses to you that a thing is wrong and that there is cause for fear.
This may give light to the error of your understanding. One must have correct knowledge in order to have correct faith. Faith and knowledge are inseparable. Jesus most certainly felt the "pinpricks" of life. As the Scripture say:
Heb. 4:15 For we do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses, but One who has been tempted in all things as we are, yet without sin.
The kenosis passage of Phil 2 states that He gave up His Godhead attributes when He took upon Himself humanity. It has been a favorite meditation of mine to think about this. It was to be my PhD thesis. "The Consciousness of Christ." I have talked at length with a great many people about this interesting study, including clh.
It is my conclussion that as Jesus, the 2nd member of the Trinity, actually suffered as we do. He became part of the human race and experienced it as we do. He "grew in knowledge." He chose not to grasp His omniscience, but chose to be taught. It is my understanding that He was "led of the Spirit" to such an extent that sometimes it is hard to distinquish between Jesus the man and Jesus as God. But in Jn 8 where the adulterous women was thrown before Him, the tenses are quite clear in that the whole situation took Him by surprise. That is, He was not aware that this event was to take place in time. He was living sequential history as you or I.
Maybe some other time we can discuss this, but it is a very lengthy discussion and one that causes the curcuit breakers of the brain to pop more often than not.
I was once a member of that club. THe "free thinker" is a glorious ideal. By contrast, of course, you believe that the believer is the unforunate repository of everything that is dogmatic, inhibited, reactionary and repressive. I find such a stance to be as amusing as it is absurd. If the liberal humanist wishes to criticize a Christian or a Buddhist or a Marxist, that is his right. But what he must not pretend is that he was led to this solely by his "rational doubt" when in fact he was led to it by his "faith". He must acknowledge that while it is rational doubt for him as a "free thinker" to criticize the Christian, it might equally be a rational doubt for the Christian to criticize him as a humanist. If there is no faith, there can be no dout. There is no faith which cannot choose to cast doubt on some other faith.
Pascal pointed out that "sceptical arguments allow the positive to be positive. Few. . .speak dubiously of scepticism." The fact that skeptics are not skeptical about skepticism is further evidence that to doubt anything we must believe in something else! THe person who is skeptical toward one faith or even most faiths, will be the devoted adherent of another. In fact, it is a measure of his poverty both that he is unaware of it and that he can define himself only in negative terms, hence the term "a"-theist.
Some people claim otherwise and argue vociferously for complete skepticism. In my campus ministry I ran across this more times than I care to remember. However, they disproved their own argument with every thought, every word, every point of logic that they used. Every moment of shared communication speaks against their total skepticism. Their very insistence of trying to make sense is eloquent testimony to assumptions that are powerful though silent.
That is to say, that complete skepticism is impossible and limited skepticism is arbitrary. Next time you're in a room of skeptics, yell out "Look, your fly is undone!" Each person chooses what he is skeptical about and what he believes without skepticism. To stress this is to belabor the obvious, but it underlines the point that no one can know exhaustively how he knows what he knows. Pure objectivism is a myth and complete skepticism an impossiblity. The answer to this impasse lies in a 3rd way of knowing, one which is based on presuppositions. But if knowledge proceeds on what must be presupposed before it is proved, the cover is blown on the pretentions of critical doubt, and critical doubt depends on the idea that human knowledge is totally objective and neutral. In other words, another myth.
Presuppositions my friend. It is impossible to doubt anything unless there is something we do not doubt -our own assumptions/presuppostions. Even these can be criticezed only upon the basis of other assumptions. Presuppostitons are our silent partners in thought but their silence must not be mistaken for absence.
Of course that is hardly an original statement. Milton coined it but it had been in use for millenia. It was even used in the first "Highlander" movie. But again, your presuption is based on a faulty knowledge of the character of God. You are operating off of a presuppositional premise of humanistic theology, not what He has revealed of Himself through history, through His prophets, through His Word, and lastly, but most of all, thru His Son. If you are to reject God's annointed savior, then reject Him from a correct understanding of Himself.
There are those who say that the definition of "good" is "whatever God happens to want." But if that is so, then the statement that God is good has no meaning. It simply says that God does what He wants. That being the case, no one can either love or obey God because He is good. The only motive left for obeying Him is that He is powerful. Just as it makes sense to obey a dictator, even when he tells you to round up all Jews and exterminate them, because if you defy him you might end up in the gas chamber yourself, so it makes sense to obey God, because He has the power to punish you if you don't. This ethical theory I take to be in radical contradiction to Genesis 18 and to Christianity in general.
Any theory that makes our moral judgements worthless makes any further discussion of morality (or of the goodness of God) meaningless. However, it does not follow that our moral judgements are always infallible in particular cases, still less our judgements in particular cases about the course of action most likely to achieve a good result.
When I read the Scriptural accounts of the actions of God in history, those actions often seem to me very different from what I might expect of a God who loves us and desires what is best for us. Moreover, leaving the Scriptures aside, and considering the natural world, I find that Nature is often very different from what I might expect if it were the work of a benevolent deity. (Origen said: "Those who believe that the Author of Nature is also the Author of the Scriptures must expect to find in the Scriptures the same sort of difficulties that they find in Nature.") 
Now, that some such difficulties should exist is not in itself an argument against the existence, power, wisdom, and goodness of God. On the contrary, their ABSENCE would be such an argument. Suppose that I am watching Bobby Fisher play chess, and suppose that every time he makes a move, I find myself nodding and saying: "Good move! Just what I was expecting him to do. Same move I would have made if I were playing." That would be a sign that Fisher is no better a chess player than myself. Given that he is better, I expect that at least some of his moves will have me thinking, "Now, what do suppose induced him to do that?" or even, "Boy, that was a real slip -- he's just thrown the game away!" Similarly, if God understands the workings of the universe better than I do, it is to be expected that sometimes it will look to me as if He has made a mistake. 
One difference between Fisher at the chessboard and God at the controls of the universe is that I can see the end of the chess game. If Fisher wins, I revise my earlier inference that it was carelessness that made him lose his queen 23 moves earlier. However, if he loses, and particularly if I can see that there was a time when he had an opportunity for a checkmate in two moves and did not take it, then I know that he is not as good a player as I had thought. 
With God, on the other hand, I shall not in this life see the total result of some of His actions. Therefore, my grounds for judging that I have seen a bad move on His part must always be far shakier than my grounds for making a similar judgement about Fisher.
In the book of Genesis, we read that Joseph's ten older brothers, who (with good reason) found him insufferable, conspired to sell him into slavery in Egypt. There he eventually became Viceroy, and when there was a famine in Canaan, he was able to provide for his family. When his brothers nervously apologized, he told them: "Do not worry. You meant to do me evil, but God turned it into good." 
After the formal meeting had broken up, one woman came up to him privately and said, "You were talking about the Holocaust, weren't you?" He answered, "If that is an example that came to your mind, then you are right, I was talking about it to you. But I would not talk about it to everyone, for not everyone can bear it." I assume that he meant that, without the Holocaust, there would have been no state of Israel. 
Someone hearing the rabbi's lecture might leap to the conclusion that God is dependent on the wickedness of men to accomplish His purposes -- or at least that the rabbi thought so. He might then go on to suppose that the wickedness is in fact God's doing -- that He stirred up Joseph's brothers to a murderous hate against him, and that when the Israelites were in Egypt, God hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he oppressed the people, and would not let them go. And this raises questions about how an action can be considered wicked and at the same time be considered something that God has brought about. 
I suggest another way of looking at it. Consider a sculptor who has a log of wood from which he proposes to carve a statue. But the log, instead of having a smooth even grain throughout, has a large knot that spoils the appearance of the surface. The sculptor considers the wood for a while, and then carves a statue that features the knot, that makes that particular interruption in the grain and color of the wood correspond to some feature of the statue, so that observers will say: "How fortunate the sculptor was in finding a piece of wood with a knot like that in just the right place. Its presence is the crowning touch, the thing that makes the statue a great work of art." In reality, the knot, far from being what the sculptor was looking for, was a challenge to his skill. If the wood had not contained that flaw, he would still have made a great work of art, but a different one. So, if Joseph's brothers had not sold him, God would still have brought about His purposes for the Jewish people, but He would have done so in another manner. If Judas had not betrayed Jesus, if Caiaphas and his fellow leaders had not rejected Jesus, but had rather acknowledged Him as the Annointed of God, if Pilate had followed his conscience rather than his fears and had set Jesus free, it might appear that there would have been no Crucifixion, and therefore no Redemption, and therefore no Salvation. Not so. God did not need Judas' sin to redeem us. If Judas had done right, then God in Christ would still have reconciled the world to Himself. We do not know how, just as we do not know how Michelangelo would have painted the Sistine Chapel if its interior had instead been shaped like Grand Central Station, and just as we do not know how Bobby Fisher would have won his fourth game agianst Spassky if Spassky had refused the exchange of bishops and had attacked Fisher's knight instead (don't bother to look up the game in question--I am making up this example, but the point is none the less valid). 
Thus, we may say both (1) that God used, say, the cowardice of Pilate to accomplish His purposes, and (2) that the said cowardice was not God's doing, and that Pilate would not have thwarted God's plans by behaving justly and courageously. 
What, then, are we to make of the place where God says to Moses, "I will harden Pharaoh's heart, so that he will not let the people go"? Some Christians have taken this to mean that Pharaoh was a puppet with God pulling the strings, and that his stubbornness and cruelty were not his own work, but the work of God in him. I suppose rather that what God was telling Moses was something like this: "If you see that Pharaoh is not willing to let the people go, do not be discouraged, or suppose that the situation is out of my control. My purposes will not be thwarted. If Pharaoh chooses to hear you and let the people go, well and good. If he does not, I will fit his resistance into my plans, and fit it so perfectly that future historians and theologians will suppose that I would have been thrown for a loss if Pharaoh had obeyed me." 
To return to the question that started this all off. Is it possible that the Serbs, in slaughtering the Moslems of Bosnia, are instruments of God's will? First point. What they are doing is wrong, just as what Joseph's brothers did was wrong, just as what Judas did was wrong. They intend it for evil. If God somehow brings good out of it, that does not make them any less subject to just condemnation and punishment. Second point. Of course, God will bring good out of it. But not the same good that He would have brought if the Serbians had refrained from the sins of robbery and rape and murder. Nor does the good He purposes excuse us from the duty of doing what is right. 
The moderator adequately discusses the circularity of your use of _porneia_ in this. I think we can all agree (with Paul) that there are SOME kinds of activity that could be named by "fornication" or "theft" or "coveting" or "reviling" or "drunkenness" which would well deserve condemnation. We may or may not agree to the bounds of those categories, however; and the very fact that they are argued over suggests that not only is the matter not at all "clear" but that Paul -- an excellent rhetorician -- had no interest in MAKING them clear, leaving matters rather to our Spirit-led decisions, with all the uncomfortable living-with-other-readings that has dominated Christian discussion of ALL these areas. 
Homosexual behavior is no different. I (and the other gay Christians I know) are adamant in condemning rape -- heterosexual or homosexual -- and child molestation -- heterosexual or homosexual -- and even the possibly "harmless" but obsessive kinds of sex -- heterosexual or homosexual -- that would stand condemned by Paul in the very continuation of the chapter you cite [may I mildly suggest that what *Paul* does in his letter that you want to use is perhaps a good guide to his meaning?] 
Which is a restatement that we must have no other "god" before God. A commandment neither I nor any other gay Christian wishes to break. Some people are indeed involved in obsessively driven modes of sexual behavior. It is just as wrong (though slightly less incendiary, so it's a secondary argument from the 'phobic contingent) to equate homosexuality with such behavior as to equate it with the rape of God's messengers. 
I won't deal with the exegesis of Leviticus, except very tangentially. Fundamentally, you are exhibiting the same circularity here as in your assumption that you know what _porneia_ means. There are plenty of laws prohibiting sexual behavior to be found in Leviticus, most of which Christians ignore completely. They never even BOTHER to examine them. They just *assume* that they know which ones are "moral" and which ones are "ritual." Well, I have news for you. Any anthropology course should sensitize you to ritual and clean vs. unlcean as categories in an awful lot of societies (we have them too, but buried pretty deep). And I cannot see any ground for distinguishing these bits of Leviticus from the "ritual law" which NO Christian I know feels applies to us. 
I'm dead serious here. When people start going on (as they do in this matter) about how "repulsive" and "unnatural" our acts are -- and what do they know about it, huh? -- it is a solid clue to the same sort of arbitrary cultural inculcations as the American prejudice against eating insects. On what basis, other than assuming your conclusion, can you say that the law against male-male intercourse in Leviticus is NOT a part of the ritual law? 
For those Christians who *do* think that *some* parts of Leviticus can be "law" for Christians (while others are not even to be thought about) it is incumbent on you *in every case, handled on its own merits* to determine why you "pick" one and ignore another. I frankly think the whole effort misguided. Reread Paul: "No doubt I am free to do anything." But Christians have a criterion to use for making our judgments on this, the Great Commandment of love for God and neighbor. If you cannot go through Leviticus and decide each "command" there on that basis, then your own arbitrary selection from it is simply idiosyncracy. In this context, it is remarkably offensive to say: I notice that the verse forbidding bestiality immediately follows the verse prohibiting what appears to be homosexual intercourse. 
Well, la-ti-da. So what? This is almost as slimey an argument as the one that homosexuality == rape. I know of no one who argues seriously (though one can always find jokers) in "defense" of bestiality. It is absolutely irrelevant and incomparable to the issues gay Christians *do* raise (which concern sexual activity within committed, consensual human adult realtionships), so that your bringing it up is no more relevant than the laws of kashrut. If you cannot address the actual issues, you are being bloody dishonest in trailing this red herring in front of the world. If *you* want to address bestiality, that is YOUR business, not mine. And attempting to torpedo a serious issue by using what is in our culture a ridiculous joke shows that you have no interest in hearing us as human beings. You want to dismiss us, and use the sleaziest means you can think of to do so. 
Jesus and Paul both expound, very explictly and in considerable length, the central linch-pin of Christian moral thought: we are required to love one another, and ALL else depends on that. Gay and lesbian Christ- ians challenge you to address the issue on those terms -- and all we get in return are cheap debate tricks attempting to side-track the issues. 
Christians, no doubt very sincere ones, keep showing up here and in every corner of USENET and the world, and ALL they ever do is spout these same old verses (which they obviously have never thought about, maybe never even read), in TOTAL ignorance of the issues raised, slandering us with the vilest charges of child abuse or whatever their perfervid minds can manage to conjure up, tossing out red herrings with (they suppose) great emotional force to cause readers to dismiss our witness without even taking the trouble to find out what it is. 
Such behavior should shame anyone who claims to have seen Truth in Christ. WHY, for God's precious sake, do you people quote irrelevant verses to condemn people you don't know and won't even take the trouble to LISTEN to BEFORE you start your condemnations? Is that loving your neighbor? God forbid! Is THAT how you obey the repeated commands to NOT judge or condemn others? Christ and Paul spend ORDERS OF MAGNITUDE more time in insisting on this than the half-dozen obscure words in Paul that you are SO bloody ready to take as license to do what God tells you NOT to do. 
For long ages, we (many of us) have been confused by evil counsel from evil men and told that if we came to the light we would be shamed and rejected. Some of us despaired and took to courses that probably *do* show a sinful shunning of God's light. Blessed are those whose spirits have been crushed by the self-righteous; they shall be justified. 
However, we have seen the Truth, and the Truth is the light of humanity; and we now know that it is not WE who fear the light, but our enemies who fear the light of our witness and will do everything they can to shadow it with the darkness of false witness against us. 
There was an article in USA today a few months ago showing the results of a study that actually only about 1% were homosexual. I saw another figure that listed 2% as the figure. Of course, even if it were 99% that would have little bearing on whether or not it is a sinful behavior. How many people have commited other acts of fornication? How many people have lied or sinned in other ways? 
Why isn't it a specific feature of homosexuality? Paul describes "men with men working that which is unseemly" to describe the acts. Sure, there spirtual nature was depraved also, and like the other sins, the idolatry, the other sexual immoraity, and the other sins sprang from their depraved spiritual state which was a result of man's not glorifying God as God and being thankful. Still, their acts were shameless. 
Is everything sinful specifically elaborated on in the New Testament? Scripture does not condemn being a drug dealer. Being ruled by the Spirit rather than the letter not only frees from legalism, it also protects us from sins that are against the Spirit. The word is a two edged sword that cuts both ways. 
I think we must be careful before we totally throw out Leviticus. If the Law is reflection of God's character and true holy nature, then those who say that God endorses homosexuality run into a problem. If homosexuality were "natural" (whatever that means) wholesome, endorsed by God, and those who oppose sexual behavior are narrow-minded biggots, as some would have us believe, why is there a condemnation of it in Leviticus. This condemnation is in the midst of all the other sex sin condemnations, and there is nothing in the text to say that this law was limited to temple prostitution, and no good reason to believe that this was the case. Furthermore, male homosexual sex was a death-penalty crime! 
Is every sin elaborated on in the New Testament? Take a look at I Corinthians 5. Paul said that one of the Corinthians had broken a law not even heard of among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife. There is a prohibition against having your father's wife in Leviticus. No other new Testament verse clearly condemns it (besides this one.) Notice that Paul did not say that the sin was in commiting adultery, etc.- he spoke against having one's father's wife. 
Notice also that this sexual condemnation in Leviticus is not mentioned in the specific context of paganism either. And there was no pagan coustom mentioned in I corinthians either. As a matter of fact taking one's father's wife wasn't even done among the Gentiles. It was just a plain blantant sin, whether worshipping idols was involved or not. 
One of the reasons that some of us do not accept that common argument is because Paul probably did face this and other problems. Sin can be tough to over come, especially without supernatural power. Is homosexual sin any more difficult to overcome that heterosexual sin, like lusting after a married woman, or sleeping around with people of the opposite sex? I doubt it, and even if it is, that is no excuse. God is greater than all of it. 
Another reason we reject it is because it ignores the supernatural power of God to intervene in this kind of situation. How many people have been set free from sin by the power of God? Sure there may be any groups that have tried to change homosexuals and failed. That is a reflection on the people involved in the program, and not God's willingness and ability to change a sinner. Any program that uses formulas may fail. What people need is the power of God to change them, whether they are involved in homosexual sin, or any other sin. 
I don't see how you come to that conclusion. Paul's dealings with pastorial issues encouraged people to give up their liberties in order to spare others- not to allow people to continue in sin because it was just too difficult. Take the example of eating meat offered to idols. Paul felt that there was nothing wrong, in an abstract sense, with eating the meat. Yet he advised believers to sacrifice their liberty to eat meat in order to spare others. 
But Paul never allowed people to sin because living holy was just to tough. Paul wrote to "make no provision for the flesh to fulfill the lusts thereof." (Romans 13:14) Then he goes in to a discourse on how we should sacrifice our own liberty in order to spare the consciences of others. 
Suppose it were not a sin for people to practice homosexual acts. Since others consider it to be a sin, then using Paul's approach on pastorial issues, those who would otherwise be homosexuals should sacrifice their liberty and be celbate or monogamously married to a member of the opposite sex. Paul never offers a lesser sin (homosexual "marriage") to prevent people from engaging in what may be considered a more damaging sin. 
Yet marriage itself is not a sin. marriage is holy in all- and something that God ordains, and Paul recognizes this. 
Actually, Adam was put in the garden to tend to it before he fell. After he fell he would have to toil over the ground. 
That is why we are dependent totally on God- what a vunerable and glorious position to be it. We all must be transformed by the renewing of our minds- and that is the only way homosexuals can walk in freedom, just like anyone else. 
I'm sure you can see how people with the opposing view see this conclusion. It's like saying, "How should I kill myself, with gun or aresenic? What about the person who just is overcome with a desire to sleep with goats? Would it be better for him to sleep with one goat, or all of them? What about the person who wants to sleep with his aunts? Would it be better for him to sleep with one aunt or all of them? 
In all these cases, the more people or animals one sleeps with, the higher the chance that they will get a disease. But this only deals with physical aspects of the question. Whichever sin is commited, it all leads to spiritual death. 
The issue that is most often addressed in Scripture seems to be the actual act. Second, isn't it historical snobbery to say that only homosexuals of this century are capable of having "loving relationships?" There are ancient writings glorifying homosexual "love." (btw, I am one who believes in refraining from making oathes. Also, where do you get that tax collectors are sinners. That's certainly not explicit. Jesus didn't tell Zachias to quit his job.) 
[I'm reluctant to comment in this in detail. Our basic concepts of the intention of Jesus and Paul are greatly different. As I indicated in the article, whatever the ambiguities of various words (and I still think they are significant), it does seem clear that Paul considered the homosexuality he saw around him wrong. What you do with this fact depends upon your basic approach to the Bible. I'm afraid that communication between legalist and anti-legalist Christians is even harder than between Protestants and Catholics in the 16th Cent. Since you disagree with my starting point, obviously you're going to disagree with all of the intermediate discussion and conclusions. Sometimes discussion is still useful. I've seen some very interesting work on Paul done by Jews. Obviously they don't agree with him, but they sometimes have helpful insight into what he meant. But I don't see much sign for hope here. In talk.religion.misc there's an axiom that by the time Hitler's name is invoked, all hope for sensible discussion is gone. On this subject, when sleeping with goats is invoked, I don't think there's enough basis for understanding to be worth pursuing. --clh]
Sorry about the delay in responding, due to conference paper deadline panic. 
That ("complicated") isn't in fact where P(H) > P(HG) comes from; it's more the other way around. It's from P(H) = P(HG) + P(HG') where G' is the complement of G and by axiom, P(anything) >= 0, so P(HG') >= 0, so P(H) >= P(HG). 
In a sense, HG is necessarily more "complicated" than H for any H and G, so I may be splitting hairs, but what I'm trying to say is that irrespective of subjective impressions of how complicated something is, P(H) >= P(HG) holds, with equality if and only if P(HG') = 0. 
Well, "P(x | A) = P(x | B)" means that x is as likely to be observed if A is operative as it is if B is operative. This implies that observing x does not provide any useful information which might allow us to discriminate between the respective possibilities that A and B are operative; the difference reduces to the difference between the (unknown and unhelpful) prior probabilities P(A) and P(B): P(x | A) = P(x | B) ==> P(A | x) = k P(A), and P(B | x) = k P(B) where k = P(x | A) / P(x) = P(x | B) / P(x). So A and B are "equally consistent with the data" in that observing x doesn't give any pointers as to which of A or B is operative. 
In the particular case where A = H and B = HG, however, we know that their prior probabilities are ordered by P(H) >= P(HG), although we don't know the actual values, and it's this which allows us to deploy the Razor to throw out any such HG. 
That's certainly true, but the particular point here was whether or not a `divine component' actually underlies the prevalence of religion in addition to the memetic transmission component, which even the religious implicitly acknowledge to be operative when they talk of `spreading the word'. 
Now it seems to me, as I've said, that the observed variance in religious belief is well accounted for by the memetic transmission model, but rather *less* well if one proposes a `divine component' in addition, since I would expect the latter to conspire *against* wide variance and even mutual exclusion among beliefs. Thus my *personal* feeling is that P(x | HG) isn't even equal to P(x | H) in this case, but is smaller (H is memetic transmission, G is `divine component', x is the variance among beliefs). But I happily acknowledge that this is a subjective impression. 
Not that I'm a statistician as such either, but: 
The idea is that both theism and atheism are compatible with all of the (read `my') observations to date. However, theism (of the type with which I am concerned) *also* suggests that, for instance, prayer may be answered, people may be miraculously healed (both are in principle amenable to statistical verification) and that god/s may generally intervene in measurable ways. 
This means that these regions of the space of possible observations, which I loosely termed "appearances of god/s", have some nonzero probability under the theistic hypothesis and zero under the atheistic. 
Since there is only so much probability available for each hypothesis to scatter around over the observation space, the probability which theism expends on making "appearances of god/s" possible must come from somewhere else (i.e. other possible observations). 
All else being equal, this means that an observation which *isn't* an "appearance of god/s" must have a slightly higher probability under atheism than under theism. The Bayesian stuff implies that such observations must cause my running estimate for the probability of the atheistic hypothesis to increase, with a corresponding decrease in my running estimate for the probability of the theistic hypothesis. 
Sorry if that's still a bit jargonesque, but it's rather difficult to put it any other way, since it does depend intimately on the properties of conditional probability densities, and particularly that the total area under them is always unity. 
An analogy may (or may not :-) be helpful. Say that hypothesis A is "the coin is fair", and that B is "the coin is unfair (two-headed)". (I've used A and B to avoid confusion with H[heads] and T[tails].) 
The observations are a string of heads, with no tails. This is compatible with both a fair coin (A) and a two-headed coin (B). However, the probability expended by A on making possible the appearance of tails (even though they don't actually appear) must come from somewhere else, since the total must be unity, and it comes in this case from the probability of the appearance of heads. 
and since e[k](A) + e[k](B) = 1 at any time k, you can show that 0.5 < m < 1 and thus 1 < 2m < 2. Hence the estimate for the fair-coin hypothesis A must decrease at each trial and that for the two-headed coin hypothesis B must increase, even though both hypotheses are compatible with a string of heads. 
The loose analogy is between "unfair coin" and atheism, and between "fair coin" and theism, with observations consistent with both. A tail, which would falsify "unfair coin", is analogous to an "appearance of god/s", which would falsify atheism. I am *not* claiming that the analogy extends to the numerical values of the various probabilities, just that the principle is the same. 
You don't have to. We don't need, in the above analogy, to know *any* prior probabilities to deduce that the updating multiplier for the fair-coin hypothesis is less than unity, and that the corresponding multiplier for the two-headed coin hypothesis is greater than unity. You don't need to know the initial values of the running estimates either. It's clear that after a large number of observations, P(fair-coin) approaches zero and P(two-headed-coin) approaches unity. 
All you need to know is whether P(x | Ha) is larger than P(x | Ht) for observed x, and this follows from the assumptions that there are certain events rendered *possible* (not necessary) under Ht which are not possible under Ha, and all else is equal. 
Any observations you like; it really doesn't matter, nor affect the reasoning, provided that there are some possible observations which would count as "appearances of god/s". Examples of this might be a demonstration of the efficacy of prayer, or of the veracity of revelation. 
OK, we'll downgrade "*does* interact" to "*may* interact", which would actually be better since "does interact" implies a falsifiability which we both agree is misplaced. 
I'll explain, but bear in mind that this isn't central; all I require of a theism is that it *not* make the prediction "Appearances of god/s will never happen", as does atheism. (Before somebody points out that quantum mechanics doesn't make this prediction either, the difference is that QM and atheism do not form a partition.) 
Predictions include such statements as "Prayer is efficacious" (implying "If you do the stats, you will find that Prayer is efficacious"), or "Prayer is *not* efficacious", or "Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled." I don't think we have any problems of misunderstanding here. 
That's fine; I don't claim that theism is false, merely that the [finite number of] observations available to me so far suggest that it is, and that as I continue to observe, the suggestion looks better and better. 
I think you are; an "appearance of god/s" is sufficient to falsify atheism, whereas in general the corresponding theism is unfalsifiable. 
No: by way of a counterexample, let X = "the coin is fair", or more accurately (so that not(X) makes sense) "the two sides of the coin are different". This is unfalsifiable by tossing the coin; even a string of heads is consistent with a fair coin, and you have to go to an infinite number of tosses to falsify X in the limit. Its converse is falsifiable, and is falsified when at least one head and at least one tail have appeared. 
"The Rapture will not happen on October 28 1992." Said Rapture would have falsified atheism to my satisfaction had it happened, although its failure to happen does not, of course, falsify any theisms other than those which specifically predicted it. 
"No phenomenon which requires the existence of one or more gods for its explanation will ever be observed." That about sums the whole thing up. 
Eminent domain is a state-mandated transaction in which one party is required to sell a piece of property which it owns to another party, regardless of whether the first party wishes to sell at all, at a price which is set by the state. I fail to see how this doctrine can be found in tort, bankruptcy or contract cases in general. Well, okay, sort of in bankruptcy... 
Bang. Here's one of the places where we widely diverge. You believe that the courts, in deciding a civil dispute between two parties, should consider as a factor -- perhaps as an overriding factor -- issues which I believe the court should ignore as being irrelevant to the dispute. _Boomer v. Atlantic Cement Co._ was an action brought by one party, Boomer, whose property rights were being violated on an ongoing basis by another party, the Atlantic Cement Company. The facts supported Boomer's contention that Atlantic Cement was wrongfully damaging his property, and Boomer asked the court to order Atlantic Cement to stop doing so. End of story. There was no reason for the court to consider such issues as what a capitalistic society would want Atlantic Cement to do or whether the cost of compliance was disproportionate to the damage faced by the plaintiffs. Those issues had nothing to do with the case before the court. 
I'd be up in arms? Why do you assume that? Quite the contrary, I'd probably support the action, since it would be based on the same general doctrine as the decision that I believe would have been correct in _Boomer_: the idea that people's property rights should not be violated for reasons of economic efficiency. In _Boomer_ it was Boomer's property rights which I believe the court should have protected; in the hypothetical EPA ruling you've presented, it's the American people's collective property rights in a healthy physical environment. What good is cost-benefit ratio of 15+:1 if you wind up with cement dust in your air? 
Yes. So what? The courts are supposed to protect the specific rights of individuals, not the general interests of some nebulous society. If society can have its cement plant without violating anyone's rights, fine. Otherwise society will somehow have to limp along with one less cement plant. (See, Ted, I really _am_ a libertarian after all! :-) 
"One wants the legal regime to approximate the end result to begin with, in order to minimize the transactions costs."??? Which "one" are you speaking of? _I_ want the legal regime to protect people's rights. Besides, Coase's Theorem only has real application in the never-never land of perfectly rational actors. In the real world (1) some people are going to be stubborn, ornery, spiteful or otherwise "irrational" from a economic point of view and (2) the purpose of the courts is to protect their right to be so. I don't care if you can show me logically that your cattle are only doing $100 of damage to my property per head, so I should rationally sell you grazing rights to my land for, say, $150 per head -- I still retain the right to tell you that I just plain don't want any damned cattle on my property, not at any price. 
Last question first: For the same reason as in contract law -- because to do so would come dangerously close to treading on the Thirteenth Amendment. 
As to your "Then, by your argument, no tort plaintiff is ever made whole, because the award of damages in involuntary" claim, you're at least partially right. Faced with situations in which the wrong has already been done and the damage to the victim has already taken place and cannot be reversed or undone, courts will try to set an equitable price tag on the loss suffered by the victim and require the wrongdoer to pay this price (rather than an inflated price which the victim might prefer). In these cases, the "sale" has already taken place and is irreversible, and the court simply tries to ensure that a fair price is paid, under the doctrines that (a) only in certain circumstances should even a civil wrongdoer be forced to pay punitive or excessive prices and (b) even a genuine victim should not profit in an unjustified or inequitable manner from his victimhood. Both of these doctrines may be worth discussing or debating elsewhere, but neither is relevant to cases like _Boomer_ in which the wrongful act and the loss stemming from it are still in the future and _can_ be reversed/undone (i.e., prevented from happening at all) by order of the court. 
In these types of cases, all the court has to do is require that the potential victim's property rights are protected until and unless he agrees to sell them at a mutually-acceptable price. There is no need for the court to guess at the equitable value of the loss and force both sides to accept its finding. It can leave that operation up to the parties themselves. 
In cases like _Boomer_, they're simply a cost of doing business. The fact that the proprietors of the Atlantic Cement Co. got themselves into a position in which they found themselves over this barrel is simply a result of their own poor business decision to start up a cement plant without _first_ trying to negotiate with Boomer and everyone else whose property rights they'd be violating via the operation of their plant. There's nothing punitive or unjust about it. 
Anybody who wants to commit a wrongful act in the future should be required to buy the right to do so from the victim, in advance. And the seller should be allowed to set his or her price for the privilege. No injustice, no punitive damages. 
As stated above, the tort was _ongoing_. Atlantic Cement wanted to be able to _continue_ to violate Boomer's rights. While the court may have been justified in setting an equitable price tag on the damage already committed, it had no reason and no need to set a price tag on the _future_ violations of Boomer's rights and to then force Boomer to sell at that price.
There are exactly ZERO verses that "clearly" address the issues.
The kind of interpretation I see as "incredibly perverse" is that applied to the story of Sodom as if it were a blanket equation of homosexual behavior and rape. Since Christians citing the Bible in such a context should be presumed to have at least READ the story, it amounts to slander -- a charge that homosexuality == rape -- to use that against us.
The moderator adequately discusses the circularity of your use of _porneia_ in this. I think we can all agree (with Paul) that there are SOME kinds of activity that could be named by "fornication" or "theft" or "coveting" or "reviling" or "drunkenness" which would well deserve condemnation. We may or may not agree to the bounds of those categories, however; and the very fact that they are argued over suggests that not only is the matter not at all "clear" but that Paul -- an excellent rhetorician -- had no interest in MAKING them clear, leaving matters rather to our Spirit-led decisions, with all the uncomfortable living-with-other-readings that has dominated Christian discussion of ALL these areas.
Homosexual behavior is no different. I (and the other gay Christians I know) are adamant in condemning rape -- heterosexual or homosexual -- and child molestation -- heterosexual or homosexual -- and even the possibly "harmless" but obsessive kinds of sex -- heterosexual or homosexual -- that would stand condemned by Paul in the very continuation of the chapter you cite [may I mildly suggest that what *Paul* does in his letter that you want to use is perhaps a good guide to his meaning?]